Here is your one stop solution to get your business started and make your day more productive. 
Serviced offices are configured to allow your team to grow from a 1 member to a 30 member team, 
while enjoying the option of ‘pay as you grow’. I-Active 
ensures focus and productivity for your team through uninterrupted support and service, while managing your office space.

You've made the decision that you need a Serviced Office; therefore your business should have the best.

We, at I-Active India, increase your credibility and revenue at very little cost.
Imagine receiving and impressing your global clients with the best office location in Bangalore (The IT Hub). 
We have equipped your fully furnished private office with the latest IT and Communications infrastructure so you can work more efficiently.
In keeping with India's legendary, ultra-efficient service culture. 
All you pay is a small fraction of the value and impact they deliver.
If you are a 1-10 person growing business, go for a I-Active Serviced Office in Bangalore. 
It is the right base from where to expand your operations in India and Asia-Pac region.

Successful businesses choose an office solution that provides flexibility, control, credibility and a corporate presence,
that instils utmost confidence with their clients.
A I-Active Serviced Office is all that. With fit out and facilities that have set the industry benchmark, 
you will portray a professional business image. 
Reduce your overheads, minimize set-up costs and the ability to be instantly in business will improve your chances of success. 

We don't believe in locking you into long term commitments or lengthy contracts, just flexible solutions to suit your needs and help you succeed.
We understand that speed to market is essential, that's why we give you the ability to move in and be operational immediately. 
With a I-Active Serviced Office you can reduce your costs and overheads without risking the success of critical projects or your new business. 
One month is your minimum risk.

"Walk in and get down to business." 

Since the beginning, our model is made of two pillars: high performance and openness. We enable all types of entrepreneurs to collaborate.

SME’s, communities and public institutions, far from opposing one another, can grow together and become mutually beneficial. This is our belief.

I-Active brings together under one umbrella synergetic activities: coworking, start-up acceleration, community outreach and open innovation programs.


By expanding internationally, we ambition to share this vision of innovation as a vector for change throughout society. 

Our moto, A society where innovation is above all an opportunity for collective growth, for building bridges between people, and (re)doing society.

